Week 1
Our group discussed this week during the project  phase.
First: We created a project team, the name of the team is 9900F15APT5D. After voting by the group members, Niu Yue was elected as the Scrum Master.
Second: According to the course rules and convenient tracking management, we registered the project management tool Jira,
Third: According to the basic requirements of the proposal, we finally decided to display a total of eight functions in the project. Can provide users with a better experience.
In addition, the technology stack (Django, React.js, Python, MySQL, RESTful API/WebSocket) to be used at the front and back ends has been determined.

Week2
Successfully formed a team in Github Classroom.
All 8 features and user stories for brainstorming are provided. 1-2 features per person.
Start our proposal.

Week3
According to the request of the proposal, I am responsible for the second part: User stories and Sprints. I will finish the task on Thursday to allow time to revise the proposal.

week4
Based on domeA's requirements, my main focus is on front-end and UI design work. 
We are dedicated to designing and optimizing the login page, as well as making improvements to the pre-login pages. I am actively collaborating and coordinating with another member of the front-end team. Currently, we are continuously refining the design of the browsing page and homepage. 
Although the work is not yet complete, we are making active progress.

week5
Realize the registration of users and businesses, login, personal information settings, 
management and issuance of voucher pages, and home page settings. 
After the demoA presentation was completed, a meeting and reflection were organized as soon as possible,
and Retrospective A was written.

week7
Collaborating with team members to develop front-end code, 
the goal is to implement functionality for the profile and complete the UI design for the project.
This includes the review page, history page, rating page, and optimizing vouchers.

week8
This week, I completed the front-end page rendering for Function6. 
I fulfilled the user stories for Function3 and Function5, and created and updated the UI designs for：
Function3, Function4, Function5, and Function6. 
Additionally, I wrote a comprehensive Retrospective B report.

week9
Prepare ppt for final demo. Start to write final report. Complete the UI design for leaderboard (function8)

Week10
Complete Final Demo's PPT.
Completed the design and improvement of the final UI.
Complete the third part of the report.