Week 1
During the initial week, my team members and I successfully teamed up.
After discussion, we unanimously chose "Restaurant Management System" as the core topic of our project.
Based on the project selection requirements, we identified six basic functions to be implemented from the seven basic functions 
and discussed the feasibility of two innovative functions that would enhance our skills in building effective user stories.


Week 2
We wrote relevant user stories and added them to Jira based on the eight deliverables that needed to be achieved, 
and discussed the internship approach and feasibility.

Week 3
This week we need to finish the proposal, I am in charge of the storyboards and flow diagram part, 
through the discussion with other members, I finish my work.

Week 4
This week we all start the implementation of specific functions.
I am responsible for the front-end code implementation, and discuss and design the web UI with my group members, 
mainly implementing the Login and Signup pages.


Week5
This week I am mainly responsible for the front-end work, mainly to achieve the function 1-2 and UI homepage page design, 
and the connection to the back-end API, because the work is more than I thought not completely time function2, 
the follow-up I also need to rationalize the work.

Week6
This week I continued the work that I hadn't finished in week 5, 
and after meeting with the back-end team and the UI design team, 
 I optimized the registration page, such as the Restaurant address registration option.

Week7
This week I mainly completed the front-end implementation of the search page, 
including the My Voucher button, the search bar, the filter option, the restaurant display, and the use of the Google API.

Week8
This week I mainly completed the front-end implementation of the search page, eateries' main page to help customer book vouchers, 
and my voucher page to help eateries edit or delete their discount voucher, and the connection to the back-end API.

Week9
Optimized the website display by modifying the front-end rendering part of the code, solved the problem of Googlemaps displaying the geographic location of merchants, and optimized the display problem of the SEARCH function.

Week10
Optimized web page display issues, finished the functionalities section of the REPORT, and prepared the content for the PRESENTATION.
